# The-Best-Ways-To-Keep-Your-Diamond-Shining--lasolitaire
Diamonds are one of the world’s toughest materials. However, if not properly cared for, they can be destroyed. When diamond jewellery is worn frequently, it can collect dust and dirt, making it appear dull. Diamonds and stones can be broken, and they can fall out of their settings. It’s feasible that when you store your jewellery together, it will rub against each other and tear.  So, how can you keep diamonds in good condition?  USE WITH CARE Be cautious with the toothbrush when cleaning delicate settings, such as older studs in antique jewellery or when the diamond is held in place by pressure from the shank. Then just rinse and dry your diamond jewellery with a gentle cotton cloth. If you’re working near a sink, ensure the drain is closed.  HARMFUL SOLUTIONS SHOULD BE AVOIDED When it comes to cleaning diamond jewellery, never use chlorine bleach or chemical agents (such as home cleaners or toothpaste). Abrasive particles can scratch gold and other metals, while chemicals like chlorine can harm the metals used to alloy gold for diamond arrangements.  GET YOUR DIAMOND CLEANED ON A REGULAR BASIS To keep your diamond jewellery looking stunning, wash it once or twice a week in a light rust remover solution, such as water with a few drops of gentle liquid soap. Remove any leftover dirt with a gentle, clean toothbrush after removing the diamond from the mild detergent. The toothbrush should be brand new and only be used to clean your jewellery. Use it to clean difficult areas like the diamond’s back, which collects the most dirt and dust.  ROUTINE TESTING Bring your diamonds to the jeweller twice a year, or once a year, to have them checked to see if the stones have become loose in their setting or if they require any other type of attention that only a skilled jeweller can provide. Every year, you can get your jewellery properly cleaned by a jeweller.  USE ULTRASONIC CLEANERS CAREFULLY Mild cleaning may not always be enough to remove the dirt and dust that has collected around the stones. Use ultrasonic cleaning to get rid of this obstinate dust. Small ultrasonic cleaners can be found at stores. A metal cup is included with these devices, which can be used with a gentle cleanser solution. These machines vibrate the soap solution by sending high-frequency sound waves through it. This vibrating liquid then moves the dirt and filth away from the jewellery, allowing it to be cleaned.  Use caution when operating this equipment. Get the relevant device and carefully read the instructions. Use with caution, as these machines have the potential to cause the stones to come loose from their placements.  CONCLUSION: The facets of a diamond, which operate like a series of many small mirrors reflecting light in and out of the stone, are the key to its radiance. Cleaning the facets on a regular basis will keep your stones dazzling and your diamond jewellery gleaming. Now is the time to polish your diamonds on a regular basis so that you can shine at your next special occasion.
